Hey let me tell you
I am with my eldest brother and second brother
It's been more than ten years.
Just be together all the time
Ah, did you hear that?
Hmm, got it, got it.
You've said that dozens of times, you know?
Hmm, I don't know.
You don't know when you were a child
My brother tried to give me a bite to eat
To be a thief
And they get caught.
He was beaten half to death before being released
From that day on
We swear
We must turn over
Do you understand?
Did you hear that?
Ah listen
You said you don't know how to drink and you'd be drunk if you had to
I Sophie
Just an orphan no one wants
Yeah, it's not your fault.
Wrong with this
Fucking country
Ma Liang